one day in November in Santo Stefano
aveto something very happens but
very strange
the people awoke the good astonished
Cristofaro passed through the streets and
shouted wake up arrived Santa Claus
but if you are not taught what you say it
I swear it was just meat Santa Claus
and bones
I saw him turn in the woods ask him a
tones that he also saw he did not have
finished talking that near the castle
he saw a group of gnomes surrounding them
to santa claus santa claus this
could be your new home
look how big you could put yourself
all your packages and they would stay there
even among the animals santa claus not
he was convinced but pleased with his gnomes and
inside with them in the great manor
he didn't like it, yes it's true, it's a place
beautiful but not suitable for me I wish
something simpler
then we could go look for him in the
center of Santo Stefano
there is a very old and very old district
quiet Santa Claus with his grandparents
the streets of the town were many
beautiful and well maintained but not artfully
they then proposed to me to go to bed
long and a small village not far from the
center
there are wonderful houses there
people are very hospitable okay
let's go to long roncolo
Santa liked that a lot
village but no house was for the case
his
a santa claus idea
let's go to aveto fortress from there you can
take the chairlift go up the mountain
ox no suciu beautiful refuge a place
solitary and very scenic vi
thank you but I would like a place where i
children can also arrive on foot
how do they take me letters row up
we turn a bit more but it is really in
happy skilled neonatal is but how
work at this blessed home you know
we could take it to campominosi in there
woods there will be some cottages maybe
will find the right one and it was just like that
walk walks they came to a
cottage
that was just the case of dad
Christmas
from that moment the gnomes gave themselves a
great deal they cleaned the cottage well
all of Papa's things moved
Christmas
and now you hear the great news of 30
November at 11 am
Santa Claus will make his arrival
triumphant to Santo Stefano d'Aveto e
from 12 noon you can visit her
home
Santa Claus will talk to all the children
will receive their letters
for more information you can
contact the tourist office at
number 88046